# Fake-Product-Review-Monitoering-And-Removal-For-Genuine-Online-Product-Reviews-Using-Opinion-Mining
The aim of the project is to use opinion mining techniques to monitor and remove fake product reviews from online marketplaces, ensuring that customers receive accurate and genuine product feedback. -Front-end tools : React js, HTML, CSS, Javascript -Back-end tools : Laravel -Database : MySQL
In general public require reviews approximately about the product before investing their money onto it. So the users look for various opinions within the internet site however they can't differentiate between genuine or fake reviews. In few websites some of the good reviews are posted by the company members in order to create a false product reviews. Also they used to provide good reviews for the different products designed by their own company. The user will no longer be capable on finding out whether an evaluation is authentic or faux. To discover the fake evaluation in the websites this "Fake Product Review Monitoring and Removal for Genuine Online Product Reviews Using IP Address Tracking" application is delivered. This system will discover fake evaluations made via posting faux feedback approximately a product with the aid of figuring out the IP address along with review posting patterns. The user will be login to the application with the usage of his consumer identification and the password and will be viewing various products and will provide the review about those product. To discover whether a overview is faux or proper, system will be finding out the IP address of a consumer. If a system study faux reviews sent by using the similar IP Address then it will be marked as fake review which will be discarded by the admin from the system. This system allows a consumer to find out the correct assessment of a product.
